3.	Pattern which follows sequential order?
Answer : Iterator
4.	The pattern involves a single class which is responsible to create an object while making sure that only single object gets created?
Answer: Singleton
19.	Java.util.enumeration is an example of which pattern?
Answer : Iterator
20.	Aggregation represent in UML?
Answer : hollow diamond on the collection side
21.	Composition represent in UML?
Answer : Filled diamond on the side of the collection
22.	Generalization represent in UML?
Answer : hollow triangle shape on the superclass end of the line
23.	Dependency represent in UML?
Answer : dotted line followed by
24.	1..*  specify about relationship?
Answer : At least one instance
25.	0..1 Specify about relationship?
Answer: Zero or one instance. The notation n..m indicate n to m instances.
26.	The relationship between the object and component parts in UML diagram are represented by ----------------.
Answer : Aggregation
49.	When we use command design pattern
Answer. when history of requests is needed
50.	In use case diagram actor represents?
Answer: An actor represent a roll that an outsider takes on when intracting with the business system for instance, an action can be a customer, a business partner , a supplier or another business system

51.	In use case diagram actor represents ____?
Answer: An actor represents a role that an outsider takes on when interacting with the business system.
 For instance, an actor can be a customer, a business partner, a supplier, or another business system.
77.	Behavior of UML diagram?
Answer: a. usecase

78.	 Decouples in which design pattern?
Answer: Bridge
86.	When we use command desig pattern?
Answer: when history of request is needed
87.	Xyz-xyz instance (pattern)
Answer: Singleton
89.	Design pattern to limit class instaiated to one object?
Answer: Singleton
110.	In class diagram instance are represented by using
Answer: Italics
111.	Which type of driver converts jdbc calls into the Network protocol used by the datamanagement system?
Answer: Type 4
112.	UML behavior diagram?
Answer: Attribute diagram
123.	Which diagram in UML shows a complete or partial view of the structure of a modeled system at a specific time?
a) Sequence Diagram
b) Collaboration Diagram
c) Class Diagram
d) Object Diagram
Answer: d


